CSS properties: intro sentence in values section part 3 (#44936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/fill/index.md

### Values

> This property is specified as a `<color>`, a `url()` optionally followed by a `<color>` or the keyword `none`, or one of the following keyword values:

Reviewer: This again mixes "one of the following keyword values" when the list also includes `<color>`, `<url>`, and `none`. The description for `<url>` already covers the values that can be optionally attached so we can drop that detail from this lead-in prose:

```suggestion
This property is specified as a single value from the following list or as two values when using `<url>`:
```
